Hello guys, welcome to another video of stock
market.  Friends, the
December quarter results from ICICI LBA General Insurance are
out.  Unaudited
financial results for the
quarter ended 9 months of 100 are out.  Which we will
cover in today's video and Quarter 100 will be
covered by Guys.  Talking about numbers, the
number is given in lax.  Revenue:
Here the company's gross return premium is Rs
7433 crore.  Last quarter was worth Rs 759
crore.  Last year, the
gross return premium was Rs 6474 crore, which is
seen increasing both quarter on quarter and year on year.
This time the company's income from investment was Rs
99 crore.  This has also increased quarter on
quarter and year on year.
And the total income which is net return premium is Rs
5963 crore.  Last quarter, the
net return in premium was Rs 5313 crore and last quarter it was Rs 584 crore
which has increased quarter on quarter year
on year.  Total
income was Rs 6610 crore, last quarter was Rs 6582
crore and last year the total
income was Rs 583 crore.  It is seen increasing both quarter on quarter and year on year.  The
company's expense is Rs 63, sorry Rs 639
crore, in the last quarter it was Rs 5830 crore and
in the last year the total expense was Rs 5197 crore.
Expenses have also increased quarter on
quarter year on year.   The
profit has come out, this time the total
profit that has come out, sorry operating
profit of Rs 571 crore, Rs
752 crore in the last quarter, Rs 685 crore in the last year,
is down quarter on quarter year on year.  The operating profit of the company is down
but the net profit of the company is also down which was Rs
658 crore in the last quarter, Rs 89
crore in the last year and Rs 724 crore in the last quarter which is
down quarter on quarter year on year.  Now what is the reason for it being down?
So see what is the biggest reason for the downfall,
if we talk about the underwriting profit of the company this time, then there has been an actual
loss of Rs 353
crores and this has happened
because of the high expenses, the expenses of the company have been
very high this time
due to which the profit has been badly
affected while there was not much growth in the income
and if we
talk about EPS, then the EPS of the company was
₹13.25 in the last quarter, ₹1.5
in the last, ₹14.8 in the last,
both are seeing a downfall quarter on quarter and year on year.
Solvency ratio is down from 2.7%
in the last quarter, 2.73% in the last year
and 2.36% in the last year
quarter on quarter
but is seen increasing year on year.
Because guys, see, there
was an estimate, if you compare it with the estimate, then the
company's estimate was to generate a profit of around Rs 800 crore, but it
generated only Rs 658 crore.
Meaning that the profit of the company is
seen to be lower than the estimate and it was
expected that it would generate that much
but the
profit estimate of the company is seen to be lower than that and
if we talk here then the
profit estimate of the company which is seen declining has happened because it could have been better but it can be even better
but guys a little impact was
seen here but yes,
after the GST exemption in the health segment, a lot of
update was seen in retail health policies and motor sales.   There has been a
lot of growth and
if we look at the health segment also, improvement is
visible.  Due to which its
growth was expected to pick up.
But the guys did not look that much better.
Yes, it is possible that
earnings may be better in the fourth quarter.  But there seems to be a
very slight impact on the earnings of the third quarter.
If we talk about shares, the
company's share closed at ₹1890.  There is a loss of 1%.  There
is a loss of 6.1% in five days.  There
is a loss of 113.1%.  So guys, if we
talk about profit here now, then see it has declined by 9%.  The
company's profit is
seen declining by 9%.
While the estimate was to increase by 10%, it was
declined by 9% which is a huge
drawback for this company.  So guys let's
end the video here.  If you have any
doubt, ask in the comment box.  See you
in the next video.  Till then bye.